README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/stryker-mutator/stryker-cli.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/stryker-mutator/stryker-cli)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/stryker-mutator/stryker.svg)](https://gitter.im/stryker-mutator/stryker?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)

![Stryker](https://github.com/stryker-mutator/stryker/raw/master/stryker-80x80.png)

# Stryker Command-Line Interface
This is the command-line interface (CLI) for [Stryker](https://stryker-mutator.github.io), the JavaScript mutation testing framework.

If you plan on using Stryker in more projects, the Stryker-CLI is the easiest way to install, configure and run Stryker for your project.

# Installation
The Stryker-CLI can be easily installed using NPM.

```
$ npm install -g stryker-cli
```

Please always install the Stryker-CLI globally with `-g` or `--global`. The Stryker-CLI does not include a copy of Stryker itself. Instead, it needs your local Stryker installation (i.e. the Stryker installation contained in your project's `node_modules` folder). If you don't have Stryker installed yet, the Stryker-CLI will help you with your Stryker installation. If you want to use stryker directly from npm scripts, feel free to do so without the Stryker-CLI. The Stryker-CLI's only task is to make Stryker more easy to use.

# Usage 
The Stryker-CLI works by passing received commands to your local Stryker installation. If you don't have Stryker installed yet, the Stryker-CLI will help you with your Stryker installation. This method allows us to provide additional commands with updates of Stryker itself.

For example, you can kick off mutation testing using:

```
$ stryker run
```

Please always execute the Styker-CLI commands from your project's root directory. Although we are able to find your local Stryker installation in parent folders, running Stryker from a different folder than your project's root directory may result in unexpected behavior.

# More
To list all of the functionality available for Stryker through the Stryker-CLI, please execute the `help` command.

```
$ stryker --help
```

Commit message:

chore(readme): deprecate package warning (#57)
This fixes #33, as the package is deprecated.

README.md, after:

> [!CAUTION]
> Deprecation Warning: `stryker-cli` is deprecated and will no longer receive updates or support.

Instead running and installing Stryker can now be achieved fully through [stryker-js](https://github.com/stryker-mutator/stryker-js).

For guidance and documentation, visit: https://stryker-mutator.io/docs/stryker-js/getting-started/

<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>


[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/stryker-mutator/stryker-cli.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/stryker-mutator/stryker-cli)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/stryker-mutator/stryker.svg)](https://gitter.im/stryker-mutator/stryker?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)

![Stryker](https://github.com/stryker-mutator/stryker/raw/master/stryker-80x80.png)

# Stryker Command-Line Interface
This is the command-line interface (CLI) for [Stryker](https://stryker-mutator.github.io), the JavaScript mutation testing framework.

If you plan on using Stryker in more projects, the Stryker-CLI is the easiest way to install, configure and run Stryker for your project.


# Installation
The Stryker-CLI can be easily installed using NPM.

```
$ npm install -g stryker-cli
```

Please always install the Stryker-CLI globally with `-g` or `--global`. The Stryker-CLI does not include a copy of Stryker itself. Instead, it needs your local Stryker installation (i.e. the Stryker installation contained in your project's `node_modules` folder). If you don't have Stryker installed yet, the Stryker-CLI will help you with your Stryker installation. If you want to use stryker directly from npm scripts, feel free to do so without the Stryker-CLI. The Stryker-CLI's only task is to make Stryker more easy to use.

# Usage 
The Stryker-CLI works by passing received commands to your local Stryker installation. If you don't have Stryker installed yet, the Stryker-CLI will help you with your Stryker installation. This method allows us to provide additional commands with updates of Stryker itself.

For example, you can kick off mutation testing using:

```
$ stryker run
```

Please always execute the Styker-CLI commands from your project's root directory. Although we are able to find your local Stryker installation in parent folders, running Stryker from a different folder than your project's root directory may result in unexpected behavior.

# More
To list all of the functionality available for Stryker through the Stryker-CLI, please execute the `help` command.

```
$ stryker --help
```
